README.md, before:

[![Build](https://github.com/christianhelle/httpgenerator/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/christianhelle/httpgenerator/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# HTTP File Generator

Generate .http files from OpenAPI specifications

`.http` files were made populate by the Visual Studio Code extension [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client), which then was adopted by JetBrains IDE's, and later on [Visual Studio 2022](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.RestClient)

## Installation

This is tool is distrubuted as a .NET Tool on NuGet.org

To install, simply use the following command

```bash
dotnet tool install --global httpgenerator --prerelease
```

## Usage

```
USAGE:
    httpgenerator [URL or input file] [OPTIONS]

EXAMPLES:
    httpgenerator ./openapi.json
    httpgenerator https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json
    httpgenerator ./openapi.json --output ./

ARGUMENTS:
    [URL or input file]    URL or file path to OpenAPI Specification file

OPTIONS:
                             DEFAULT                                                 
    -h, --help                          Prints help information                      
    -o, --output <OUTPUT>    ./         Output directory                             
        --no-logging                    Don't log errors or collect telemetry        
        --skip-validation               Skip validation of OpenAPI Specification file
```

Running the following:

```sh
httpgenerator https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json
```

Outputs the following:

```
HTTP File Generator v0.1.0
Support key: mbmbqvd

OpenAPI statistics:
 - Path Items: 14
 - Operations: 20
 - Parameters: 14
 - Request Bodies: 9
 - Responses: 20
 - Links: 0
 - Callbacks: 0
 - Schemas: 67

Files: 20
Duration: 00:00:02.3089450
```

Which will produce the following files:

```sh
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  299 Nov 13 22:40 AddPet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  276 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  332 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUsersWithArrayInput.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  330 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUsersWithListInput.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  135 Nov 13 22:40 DeleteOrder.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  115 Nov 13 22:40 DeletePet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  123 Nov 13 22:40 DeleteUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  119 Nov 13 22:40 FindPetsByStatus.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  115 Nov 13 22:40 FindPetsByTags.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  117 Nov 13 22:40 GetInventory.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  129 Nov 13 22:40 GetOrderById.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  109 Nov 13 22:40 GetPetById.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  117 Nov 13 22:40 GetUserByName.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  107 Nov 13 22:40 LoginUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  109 Nov 13 22:40 LogoutUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  250 Nov 13 22:40 PlaceOrder.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  297 Nov 13 22:40 UpdatePet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  111 Nov 13 22:40 UpdatePetWithForm.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  296 Nov 13 22:40 UpdateUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  135 Nov 13 22:40 UploadFile.http

```

In this example, the contents of `AddPet.http` looks like this:

```sh
### POST /pet Request

POST https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/pet
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": 0,
  "category": {
    "id": 0,
    "name": "name"
  },
  "name": "name",
  "photoUrls": [
    ""
  ],
  "tags": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "name": "name"
    }
  ],
  "status": "available"
}
```

Commit message:

Add additional command line options to README
Expanded the list of command line options in README.md for both HttpGenerator and the parent directory. The changes include adding flags for setting default headers (`--authorization-header`, `--content-type`) and a default base URL (`--base-url`). This was done to provide users more flexibility and control over the HTTP requests generated by the tool, especially when the OpenAPI Specification file does not provide these details.

README.md, after:

[![Build](https://github.com/christianhelle/httpgenerator/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/christianhelle/httpgenerator/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# HTTP File Generator

Generate .http files from OpenAPI specifications

`.http` files were made populate by the Visual Studio Code extension [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client), which then was adopted by JetBrains IDE's, and later on [Visual Studio 2022](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.RestClient)

## Installation

This is tool is distrubuted as a .NET Tool on NuGet.org

To install, simply use the following command

```bash
dotnet tool install --global httpgenerator --prerelease
```

## Usage

```
USAGE:
    httpgenerator [URL or input file] [OPTIONS]

EXAMPLES:
    httpgenerator ./openapi.json
    httpgenerator https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json
    httpgenerator ./openapi.json --output ./

ARGUMENTS:
    [URL or input file]    URL or file path to OpenAPI Specification file

OPTIONS:
                                           DEFAULT                                                                                                                           
    -h, --help                                                 Prints help information                                                                                       
    -o, --output <OUTPUT>                  ./                  Output directory                                                                                              
        --no-logging                                           Don't log errors or collect telemetry                                                                         
        --skip-validation                                      Skip validation of OpenAPI Specification file                                                                 
        --authorization-header <HEADER>                        Authorization header to use for all requests                                                                  
        --content-type <CONTENT-TYPE>      application/json    Default Content-Type header to use for all requests                                                           
        --base-url <BASE-URL>                                  Default Base URL to use for all requests. Use this if the OpenAPI spec doesn't explicitly specify a server URL
```

Running the following:

```sh
httpgenerator https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/swagger.json
```

Outputs the following:

```
HTTP File Generator v0.1.0
Support key: mbmbqvd

OpenAPI statistics:
 - Path Items: 14
 - Operations: 20
 - Parameters: 14
 - Request Bodies: 9
 - Responses: 20
 - Links: 0
 - Callbacks: 0
 - Schemas: 67

Files: 20
Duration: 00:00:02.3089450
```

Which will produce the following files:

```sh
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  299 Nov 13 22:40 AddPet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  276 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  332 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUsersWithArrayInput.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  330 Nov 13 22:40 CreateUsersWithListInput.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  135 Nov 13 22:40 DeleteOrder.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  115 Nov 13 22:40 DeletePet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  123 Nov 13 22:40 DeleteUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  119 Nov 13 22:40 FindPetsByStatus.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  115 Nov 13 22:40 FindPetsByTags.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  117 Nov 13 22:40 GetInventory.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  129 Nov 13 22:40 GetOrderById.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  109 Nov 13 22:40 GetPetById.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  117 Nov 13 22:40 GetUserByName.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  107 Nov 13 22:40 LoginUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  109 Nov 13 22:40 LogoutUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  250 Nov 13 22:40 PlaceOrder.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  297 Nov 13 22:40 UpdatePet.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  111 Nov 13 22:40 UpdatePetWithForm.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  296 Nov 13 22:40 UpdateUser.http
-rw-r--r--  1 christian  staff  135 Nov 13 22:40 UploadFile.http

```

In this example, the contents of `AddPet.http` looks like this:

```sh
### POST /pet Request

POST https://petstore.swagger.io/v2/pet
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": 0,
  "category": {
    "id": 0,
    "name": "name"
  },
  "name": "name",
  "photoUrls": [
    ""
  ],
  "tags": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "name": "name"
    }
  ],
  "status": "available"
}
```
